# WS - Dog Ethograms
This file explains the structure of this folder and outlines the content and source of each file as appropriate.

### Folders:
- dfs: Files without date can be downloaded from Google Drive and updated in the folder. Files with a date are processed raw dataset, generated by running 'main.py'.
    - 'Data Collection - Dogs.csv': download [Data Collection>Dogs tab](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1MwhWauU9U89bbZK-eoz1BFMO7p3cIqMnTTXPB2WkL3o/edit#gid=993745027) as a .csv file. 

    - 'Ethogram - Trainers.csv': download [Ethogram - Trainers (Responses)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1IUK12D-nC8imw1Y_BZKgA1dA6QIRN2WNogR6R3bwN_E/edit#gid=872369725) tab 'Manually Processed' as a csv file and rename it. Main processing done:
    Replace start and finish times using regex find (\d)[.](\d) -> replace with $1:$2.
    - 'YY-MM-DD_Ethogram-Trainers.csv': Processed version of the 'Ethogram - Researchers.csv'. Duplicates: Check whether no missing data and give preference to keep the last occurence as we were changing the form.
        - *Intra-rater realibility:* Same video and assessor [Code, DC, Assessor]: ['04-02-LE' 1 'Allyce'], ['04-02-LE' 1 'Susan Turtle'], ['04-02-LE' 2 'Allyce'], ['04-02-LE' 2 'Susan Turtle'], ['04-03-LD' 1 'Allyce'], ['04-03-LD' 2 'Allyce'], ['04-01-LD' 1 'Susan Turtle'], ['10-11-LJ' 1 'Susan Turtle'], ['12-03-LM' 2 'Allyce']. 
        - *Inter-rater realibility:* Same video different assessors [Code, DC]: ['04-02-LE' 1], ['04-01-LD' 1], ['04-02-LE' 2], ['04-03-LD' 1], ['04-03-LD' 2], ['10-11-LJ' 1], ['12-03-LM' 2]



    - 'Ethogram - Researchers.csv': download [Ethogram - Researchers (Responses)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bcR8bqIKm2PmWiVrwY-AphL5xfJllIdnVQwonuXwcpg/edit#gid=1480887842) form responses as a csv file and rename it. 
    - 'YY-MM-DD_Ethogram-Researchers.csv'. Processed version of the 'Ethogram - Researchers.csv'. Duplicates: Check whether no missing data and give preference to keep the last occurence as we were changing the form.    
        - *Intra-rater realibility:* Same video and assessor [Code, DC, Assessor]: ['07-01-LG' DC1 'Hazel'], ['11-02-IM' DC2 'Con']. 
        - *Inter-rater realibility:* Same video different assessors [Code, DC]: ['05-01-LD' 1], ['05-04-LZ' 1], ['04-02-LE' 1], ['05-11-LE' 1], ['05-13-LE' 1], ['05-03-LF' 1], ['04-07-LE' 1], ['07-02-LH' 1], ['07-01-LG' 1], ['05-14-LE' 1], ['11-02-IM' 2] 

- Researchers: Files for data analysis and results taking the researchers ethogram into account.
- Trainers: Files for data analysis and results taking the trainers ethogram into account.


Files:
- data_analysis.r
- data_analysis.rmd
- main_researchers.py : works with datasets in folder 'dfs', namely: 
    - Imports 'Data Collection - Dogs.csv' and 'Ethogram - Researchers'
    - Functions: combines two dataset and assigns numbers to categorical variables in ethogram.
    - Exports 'YY-MM-DD_Ethogram-Researchers.csv'

- main_trainers.py : works with datasets in folder 'dfs', namely: 
    - Imports 'Data Collection - Dogs.csv' and 'Ethogram - Trainers'
    - Functions: combines two dataset and assigns numbers to categorical variables in ethogram.
    - Exports 'YY-MM-DD_Ethogram-Trainers.csv'

- subtests.R : list out the column names for each subset in the behaviour test, including: info, familiarisation, walking, standing, sitting, lying, bodycheck, teatowel, distractions, kong, dogdist, crate, petting, isolation, behaviours.
- tests.py: handy code that I might use in the future.
- tests.r: handy code that I might use in the future.